Initial doc for issue management (#107)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/issue-management.mdx

---
id: issue-management
title: Issue Management
sidebar_label: Issue Management
---

## What is an Issue?

When devices in your fleet upload diagnostics data to Memfault, the data is
analyzed by Memfault. Any detected problems are converted into Traces. Similar
Traces are logically grouped together into an Issue, based on the signature of
the Trace.

In other words, a Trace is a single occurrence of a problem and an Issue is a
group of Traces manifesting the same problem.

## Issue states

> An Issue can be in 3 states:

Reviewer: The list features 4 states

## Manually changing Issue state

The state of an Issue can be viewed an changed manually from the Issue's detail
page. Navigate to Issues, optionally change the filter criteria. Then click the
title to navigate to the Issue detail page.

Below the title of the Issue, you will find a button to change the state:

![](/img/docs/platform/issue-mgmt-resolving-ui.gif)

When the Issue is Unresolved, the button will say "Resolve" and clicking it will
change the state to Resolved.

When the Issue is Resolved or Muted, the button will say "Reopen". When it is
Muted, the button will also have a red outline. Clicking it will change the
state to Unresolved.

To Mute an Issue, click the caret on the right side of the button and click
"Mute".

## Automatic Issue reopening upon regression

When Memfault receives a Trace from a greater Software Version compared to the
last Software Version when the Issue was Resolved, it will automatically be
changed to Unresolved and subscribed users will automatically be notified.

You can also "Mute" an issue if you never want it to reopen and keep it Resolved

> indefinitely or until you manually re-open it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indefinitely or until you manually reopen it again.
```

You used `reopen` everywhere else
